Add docs around use of SAML in clusters and Failover (#5784)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Administrator_guide/Security/Advanced_security_configuration/Configuring_SAML/SAML_using_Entra_ID.md

   1. Set *Entity ID* to the IP address or the DNS name of your DataMiner System, for example ``https://dataminer.example.com/``.

>       If your DMS consists of DMAs accessible via different URLs or IP addresses, choose one URL or IP address to use as the entity ID. Alternatively, you could use the cluster name of you DMS as entity ID. Azure will use a URL as default but this can be changed to anything without issue. **The only requirement is that it is unique across the identity provider**.

Reviewer: This explanation looks like it might be a bit more complicated than necessary. Would it still be correct if I simplify it to this?
```suggestion
Either choose a specific URL or IP address as the entity ID, or use the cluster name of the DMS. By default, Azure uses a URL, but you can change this to the IP address or cluster name according to preference, as long as the specified entity ID is **unique across the identity provider**.
```

Author: This looks fine to me
